This is Calvin and Air, a husband and
wife duo that run a Thai restaurant that
does $3.5 million a year and has lines
out the door. But they're opening up
their second location next month, and
they're not ready. If they mess this up,
they could lose their savings and the
reputation they spent years building.
I'm Alex Shamoszi. I own
Acquisition.com, a portfolio of
companies that generate hundreds of
millions of dollars a year. Earlier in
my career, I sold a service business for
$46.2 million that help brickandmortar
businesses like theirs scale. So, I'm
excited to help Calvin and Air open
their second location, get one-time
customers back more frequently,
supercharge the reviews, and a whole lot
more. Hi, Alex. How you doing? My name
is Calvin, and this is my wife, Air. Hi,
welcome. We're the owners of Basil and
Co Thai Cuisine in Diamond Bar. 2024,
our revenue was 3.5 million. Gross
profit was uh 670,000. Our net margins
was 19% and served over 100,000 guests
last year. First impressions,
restaurants have the highest failure
rate of all businesses. So, the fact
that they're at uh you know 19% margins,
I would say that's good. I would love to
see if we expand it. Now, some people
might hear that and be like, I thought
the average restaurant margins are
smaller. Yeah, they sure are. And that
also doesn't mean that we need to be
constrained by that. So, what is the
goal? So, our goal is to open 20
restaurant locations in the next 5 to 10
years. And we want to bring in over $80
million in revenues. All right. And we
want to get there by providing nice and
comfortable space for friends and family
to gather over a delicious meal. Another
mission that we have personally is
really is to create an environments for
staff to showcase that talent and also
receive competitive pay. How did you
start the business? Maybe 15 years ago.
And that is when Calvin and I met in a
Thai restaurant in Santa Monica. He was
a buser and I was a server. So
naturally, you know, we talk right and
then we talk about a big goal wanting to
become an entrepreneur and own a
restaurant in the future. Well, that
plan goes so well that I end up marrying
him. In 2019, we opened our first
restaurant, Basu and Co in Diamond Var,
California. Within the first three
years, we max out our capacity. We
actually leased the next unit and we
able to meet the demands, but we are
starting to max out again. So, a sneak
peek is our AR Thai Eyer in Asus,
California coming up soon. Okay. So, who
do you serve? So we serve our local
communities, businesses and families in
Diamondbar. Now people who walk into the
door, we see an age range between 25 to
maybe 60. And we in a very situated mid
to high income neighborhood. Awesome.
Well, how do you make money? Let's go
through the numbers. So our average food
item is $16. Okay. Our most expensive
one is $68. The Crying Tiger. Average
ticket size is $60 to $80. 80 on the
weekends. Takeout is 30%. Dining is 70%.
And our most popular dishes would be the
pat thai, patu, and drunken noodles. And
we also do beer and wine, but it's only
1% of our sales. Dingle lingaling here.
So, right off the bat, they have beer
and wine. And the fact that they have 1%
of sales from arguably the highest
margin item that they sell, there's
probably more we can find out and some
uh big opportunities there. How do you
get customers? How do they find out
about you? So, we have organic page.
It's about 50% of our business, we
think. 1,300 reviews, 4.6 stars. Google
is 460 reviews at 4.7 stars. Instagram,
Facebook, word of mouth, our customers
like to spread the word of mouth a lot.
Paid ads, we do Yelp, $1,200 a month. We
do affiliates, foodie collaborations on
Instagram. But word of mouth is really
through our server talking to our
customer and when we are at the
restaurant, we talk to our customer,
right? And you'd say about half them
come from they saw, hey, I saw Google.
Yeah. My mom was here yesterday. She
said, I need to come try and come try
and then they say, I'm going to go tell
my friend to come try. And that's why I
think word of mouth is a big thing for
us as well. I would say almost for food
more than almost any other business,
word of mouth is just huge. I really
believe that the food sale itself. Yeah.
Yeah. No, that's great. On a long enough
time horizon, the product of the
business is the only thing that matters.
Marketing just pulls up your timeline
forward. It gets more people introduced
to your product faster. And so marketing
can accelerate growth, but it cannot
create a good business. And so I think
this is one of the big things a lot of
marketers don't understand. And this is
something that took me years to figure
out, which is that being good at
marketing sales can absolutely make you
money, but it just accelerates how
quickly you decline uh if you don't
actually have a good product. But if you
take it the other natural extreme, which
is that even if you had zero marketing
and one person eats, but it's so good
they tell five people and then those
five people come and it's so good they
tell five people, you can quickly get to
capacity if the product is good. And
that works for services, that works for
SAS, that works for anything. Okay. So
how many customers do you help? What's
the sales velocity of the business?
Average day we do 340 guests, two to
three on the weekdays and four to 500 on
the weekends. Okay. So weekends are
significantly bigger. When you said the
average order was $80 on the weekend,
$60 during the the week. Yes. Is that
off the same menu, just people are
ordering more. We only have one menu.
Got it. I would think that maybe the
weekday because a lot are business. So
like when they come in, they just order
one plate of patai, right? That's $16.
But during the weekend, it's more like a
family. So it's like a bigger ticket.
Mhm. What's holding you back? So, we
actually have a few problem that we want
to talk about. Like the first one first
is to increase the sales during the non-
peak hour. Like during the peak hour,
we're good. We actually have line out
the door, but during the non- peak hour,
we we still find a way to better fill
the house. We also want to improve on
the takeout sales and also alcohol
sales. Because we are opening our second
restaurant, we really want to get Alex's
help and also guidance because we open
our first restaurant and we kind of like
just roll with it, right? And we're just
like, "Oh, it turned out great.
Perfect." But now that we're thinking
about scaling, we don't want to just
roll with it anymore, right? The stake
is higher. We're not open up with a
small hole in the wall. We want to make
it right at the get-go. So having Alex
on board or guidance us, that's
tremendously helpful. And then also the
other reason why this is so important to
me, especially with our like second
venture is because I just quit my
full-time job and I am going to be
committed and fully focused on this
restaurant. So increase alcohol sales,
increase takeout sales, attribution for
sure. I think with this business
particular, it'll be more difficult to
do attribution than maybe a traditional
business. That's okay. I'm not I'm not
as concerned about that. I'll introduce
a couple things that I think might be
able to help us out. So looking at the
problems that they presented, I think
number one, we can increase sales during
non- peak hours by actually changing
pricing during peak hours. Second, how
can we increase alcohol sales? Well,
that's going to be through recruiting,
hiring, and training staff. I would say
takeout sales and attribution I would
put as kind of like the the third
priority for me going into this. What
kind of promotional offers do you run to
kind of attract customers? We like to
give free items instead of giving
percentages off. Big fan. So, real
quick, one of my big beliefs in business
in general is not to give discounts.
Basically, it's either full price or
it's free. I'm a big fan of that,
especially for food establishments.
Like, you don't want to have people who
become like discount seekers. Like,
that's not good. Which I I do want to be
clear. I separate from, you know, if you
have a prepayment discount for services
or you have some sort of incentive for
someone to buy like on a sales call or
within 24 hours. That I see is different
than like running a promotion that's
like 20% off. Not a huge fan of that.
I'd rather give a free item and then
have a clear ascension path to how I'm
gonna get that person to become a full
paying customer. We especially like to
do that on the big holidays, Mother's
Day, Valentine's Day, Christmas. So,
mostly seasonal, nothing that's standing
or rotating. Do you have a process in
place right now for basically what
recommendations your servers recommend,
number one, and then number two, what
things they can add on to their orders.
No, we do not have that yet. Okay.
There's going to be a really big
opportunity there. Okay. Okay. And then
in terms of encouraging people to come
for that second visit, is there anything
that you do special for first-time
customers? I think we we just treat
everyone the same. Uhhuh. Yeah. Yeah.
No, no, that's okay. There's I've I have
ideas. I have ideas. Yeah. No, we we
don't we don't do anything special. No,
you're good. You're totally fine. I know
you want to increase your weekday
volume, right? What have you done or
tried so far? We're thinking about doing
a happy hour on the weekdays. Okay. And
you haven't done that yet. You just It's
an idea that you have. No, I think what
currently what we do is for the weekend
like our entree for example like the the
stir fry you have to order rice on the
side but for the week for the weekday is
actually come as a set right. So you
order a stirfry let's say you order hot
basil it already come with the rice.
Okay so it's a search charge of rice on
the weekend. Is that what you're saying?
On the normal basis. Yes. Except for
lunch. Lunch we do that together. Okay.
So tell me about this new store that you
guys are thinking about opening. Okay.
AR is in Noa. Yeah, it's actually a
little bit bigger this time. We actually
have a bigger bar with bar seats. We
wanted to put bar seats in this time to
make sure that when the guests are
waiting outside, sometimes up to an
hour, that we have something to sell
them at the bar. And also, it's it's a
bit bigger, so it's about 100 seater
going from a 72- seater to 100 seater.
Yeah, I was curious about that because,
you know, one of our big things is nail
it then scale it, right? And so, I know
that you guys are trying to from
obviously trying to hit 80 million. So
if you're going to try and do multiple
locations, we have to make sure that the
model is super dominant. Exactly. Yeah.
So I I feel like on the paper seems like
we're doing good. I mean like I have a
complaint about it but but I know in
terms like operational there are lots of
thing that we can still tweak and do
more and that is why we want to do this
between the two concept as a test drive
and then we'll take the winning model
and then we'll just go from there. Got
it. Well do you want to improve this
location though the main location for
now? Yes, of course. Yes. And what's the
plan for the grand opening for the next
one? Grand opening we actually will not
want to do until like six months later.
I just want to make sure that we have a
100% operating smoothly. You mean you'll
soft open? We soft open. Yes. So we for
sure will soft open. Uh but in term of
ground opening, we haven't really put
any package together because we think
it's going to be 3 to 6 month down the
line. So one of our internal mottos is
nail it then scale it. And the reason
for that is that a lot of times small
business owners will get really
aggressive and really excited and want
to expand faster before they've really
solidified their core model. Basically,
it's like it might take you less time to
get your second location, but it'll take
you more time to get your 10th location.
And so, I want to make sure that those
fundamental unit economics are right.
How much does it cost to open? How
quickly can we get it to be profitable?
How long does it take for that location
to pay for itself entirely? What does
our grand opening promotion look like?
How do we recruit, hire, and staff a new
place and get the culture to be what it
needs to be? And so, these are a lot of
the questions that happen, especially in
a heavy staff business like restaurants
where there's a lot of people that work
under one establishment. Okay. Well, I
have buckets and buckets and buckets of
notes. So, I have I have lots of stuff
um for you guys that I think will we'll
be able to help with. I'm going to focus
primarily on this location and then I'll
talk kind of at the end about kind of
what we can do to hopefully set up the
second location to succeed. Cool. All
right. Awesome. And uh we also bring a
special gift for you, Alex. So, but
wait, there's more. Yeah. Yeah. Before
we get into business, we gota feed
oursel first, right? It's customer.
Yeah. I I rushed into the business too
fast. We spend a lots of time thinking
about what we're going to serve Alex cuz
we want to make sure he love the food,
right? So, well, he's, you know, like
the fitness guy. He's like the training.
So, we thought, okay, maybe meat is a
good choice like packed with protein.
So, Crying Tiger happened to be our
bestseller and it's something that we
really proud of. So, that is definitely
is a no-brainer. The pineapple curry
prawn, it's a little bit of a risk we
want to take because it's not on the
menu. It's something I I tried making at
home. I loved it and I just want to see
like if other people will like it. So,
he is my guinea pig. And last but not
least is the mango sticky rice. I think
that is a Thai staple and we just have
to showcase who we are Thai person and
and that's what we want to bring to the
table. So, I'm going to eat all of this
and then we'll start.
Thank you. M. That is
great. Okay. So, what is this? Uh, river
prawns. Fresh river prawns. River
prawns. Fresh. I don't even know what
that is.
Really good. Thank you. Really good.
Special dish. All right. I have to try
this.
All right. You won't be insulted if I
just don't finish everything. All right.
Okay. But I am going to try all this. I
can see
why it's doing so well. That was
delicious. That was unbelievable. This
obviously everything was good. That was
exceptional. Mhm. Seeing Alex finish
that red curry in two bites is like, "Oh
yeah, we we might need to put that on
the menu." That's why we do this. Fill
my heart. Fill my heart. Oh, the river
bronze were fire. Really, really good. I
mean, it was obvious why the
restaurant's done well, cuz the food is
good. And this is just like the simplest
thing in the entire world. And I use
restaurants as a simple analogy because
everybody gets it is like a lot of
people obsess about all the marketing
and all the sales hacks. At the end of
the day, if you have good food, people
will come back and tell their friends.
Like that's really what it comes down
to. And they focused on the thing that
mattered most. I'm happy to help with
all these kind of little things that can
maybe improve the business model, but
they had the thing that matters cuz if
they had bad food, it didn't matter how
many taxes I was going to give them.
They were just going to get people in
the door and they were going to leave
and never come back. And so they'd have
to become a marketing business in order
to stay alive because their product was
inferior. They don't have that problem.
And so I'm stoked to see what happens.
The kind of four categories. Actually,
I'm going to split into five. So we've
got pricing we'll talk about. Number two
is the actual menu itself. So I'm going
to ask you a bunch of questions about
the menu cuz I think this is going to
dramatically affect average order value.
Number three is going to be training. So
this is kind of the staff stuff that
we're talking about. Mhm. Number four is
going to be alcohol. So I'm going to
split this out specifically. And then
five will go to next location. Okay. So
those are kind of going to be the big
overarching topics. So what I want to do
is kind of like are there ways that we
can immediately potentially increase the
profit of the location without
dramatically changing the operations.
And so there's two things that we could
do. One thing that you can do, and I
remember seeing this at restaurant, is
that you can just add your processing
fee and you just put that on your menu.
Mhm. Which says plus 3% processing fee
for credit cards. Right. And you can do
2.9, you can do 3.9, whatever you want.
And then that way when they get the
bill, it'll just say processing fee,
whatever. And it doesn't usually affect
anyone's take rate from from like what
they choose to order and whatnot. But
for you guys with a 3% increase would be
like a 15% increase in profit. Mhm. From
one thing. So we don't need to do that.
I'm just like that's that's one one
consideration you can do. Mhm. The
second thing that you can do is I
noticed that you were at 0 in terms of
your pricing. Was there a reason for
that versus doing like $16.99?
I felt like the 1699 or 1695 thing was
kind of old school. I just want to make
it simple and and clean. Well, I'll
briefly push back just because the where
you're at pricing wise if you were, you
know, I would say higher end. I think
you guys are upper middle, right? You're
not like here, right? I would say yes.
If you're serving, you know, $29 to $50
entre as the primary, then I think
having 0 could make sense. Typically
with luxury brands, they don't have 99.
But I think that you're in a spot where
I don't think it would detract from your
brand to have $16.99. And the reason for
that is like most people make their
judgment off of that that character in
terms of pricing, right? And so this
though it may seem really small, if your
average ticket is $16, this is 6%
absolute, which for you guys is plus 30%
in profit margin for the business. Mhm.
So like if you went from
19% currently Mhm. because that's a 6%
increase in total in in in average
revenue that would take you to 25%
margins from that which is a 30%
increase in profit. So that 600 and
whatever it was 670,000 in profit would
be an
extraund20ish 220,000 a year from one
move. I don't I don't think it's going
to affect your sales. That's just me
personally cuz it's like we're not even
changing any of the characters. you're
already kind of like paying the the fee
of being at $16. I don't think anyone
buys 16 doesn't buy $16.99. That's just
my opinion. Yeah. So, this is a monster
moment. It's like, yeah, one change that
probably has no effect on your sales
velocity could have a dramatic effect on
your profitability as a business. When
we're talking 20 bucks, 10 bucks, like
this is a high volume business. Those
tiny little dimes and nickels and
pennies, they add up in a huge way. And
like I said at the beginning,
restaurants are notorious for having
small margins. If we could have a 30%
lift from one tiny change in terms of
reprinting the menu, we should do that.
Let's just use simple math. If every
person who walked into their restaurant
last year only bought two items, that
would be $2 extra person. They served a
h 100,000 customers last year. That
would be $200,000 dropped to the bottom
line. I've never thought about, okay, if
I just add 99 cents, how much would it
translate into like the percentage of
sales increase? It just like the light
bulb is just like pop and I was just
like we're doing it. The next one is
because you have you're turning people
away on weekends, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Have you considered having weekend
pricing Saturdays and Sundays or Fridays
and Saturdays, the menu that you hand
them is different. So you've got weekend
menus and then you've got weekday menus.
And so then the weekend menu can add $2
per dish. It's the search pricing
fundamentally. It's just like Uber. Like
if it's if it's really busy, they charge
more. If it's less busy, they charge
less. And so I'd rather you just add it
on the days that you have it and they
won't even feel like it's being added.
You're just you're just giving them the
the weekend menu, right? It's just like
different places have like a lunch menu
and a dinner menu. The dinner menu is
more expensive than lunch menu. No one's
offended by that. It's just kind of a
standard practice. How does that feel?
Worth considering. Uh but but you know
be scary to do all three at the same
time. Yeah. No, no. I I don't think you
necessarily should, but I want I didn't
particularly like this one the most.
I've thought about it, but I think it
just we never actually had that
percentage breakdown and how much is
going to increase. So, we didn't see
like the whole picture and how it will
impact profitability. I think this one
actually reenter%. Well, this one
definitely resonate with me the most in
term of processing. Yeah, I if you don't
like it, don't worry about it. This is
why I leave these out and it's a lot
about you and how you feel. It's your
business, right? And so, if this feels
light to you, you're like, I think we
could just, you know, we literally the
cost of this is reprinting the menu.
Mhm. That's it, right? So, check this
out. So, this is the $100 million
scaling road map and they are at stage
five product size. So, they've got
probably 20-ish people who work for
them. And if we look at the constraints
of the business for them, let's look at
the things that I'm I'm I'm talking
about them with. Most of the scaling
road map I tailor more to service based
businesses. And the reason for that is
because 78% of businesses are services.
And so, I tend to skew in my language
about that, but the actual things that
are happening are the same, right? And
so a CS playbook to onboard, all of that
is going to be around how are we getting
customers this consistent experience. We
talk heavily about training, right?
Connecting CS to product, that's getting
feedback loops based on what people are
eating and what they want. Like spinning
that, make something new to sell them. I
mean, they functionally had alcohol, but
they weren't selling it. So now we're
pushing that a little bit stronger. And
from a finance perspective, like we need
to get better at their finances, which
is why a lot of the improvements that I
had were very pricing ccentric probably
because they didn't have good enough
financials to be able to see, oh wow,
when we sell this, you know, this
product, we're almost breaking even, but
when we sell these ones, we make a ton.
They didn't have that kind of
information, which would have helped
them reconfigure their menu to be the
most profitable menu possible that also
brings customers back. And if you're
like, man, that would be useful to know
what stage of scaling I'm at. All you
have to do is go to
acquisition.com/roadmap, put in your
business information, and we have this
little automated thingy that will tell
you what stage you're at, what problems
you're facing, and most importantly, how
to solve them. And if you want my team
to take a look at the business and uh,
you know, reaffirm those things or you'd
like to come out uh to our headquarters
in Vegas and potentially be on the Cash
Cash Show, on the thank you page, you
can schedule a call and we'd love to
help you out. So, the next thing that um
that we'll we'll go over is the actual
menu itself. So, with the menu, how did
you think about laying out what they get
when you know when they open up the menu
at your at your establishment? The way I
thought of the design of the menu is the
way the customers think when they sit
down. Sure. Okay. Cool. Which is order a
drink, order an appetizer, and then
afterwards focus on like the big piece
and then the small complimenting piece
to go with it. So like I would like
drinks, appetizers, specials. Okay. Like
the big entre and then carbs at the end.
Okay. Mhm. Okay. So on the menu, do you
have highlighted boxes for the key the
key items? I think we have a section for
the specials. Yes. And then a special
section for our dessert, I believe. Yes.
Yeah, we have special like special
section highlighted. Yeah. Um we are
working on an updated menu right now.
And what we did is like when we laid it
fried rice, we will highlight what we
want to sell. Yeah. Good.
Yeah. So, so there's two components to
it. So, let's say you've got your sides,
you've got your your appetizers, you got
your carbs, whatever. Within each of
those boxes, number one is I would rate
I would rank them from gross profit top
to bottom. So, which of these is the
most profitable? We'll put that first
cuz that's the first thing people are
going to consider. And then the second
thing is I would have your highlight
box, which is the um and I put at the
bottom of the menu like if this is your
first time visiting, this is the one you
can't miss. Right. That way it's like
that way people cuz no one wants to make
the decisions fundamentally. What's
good, right? What's good? Exactly. So
that way if you have each of the highest
grow gross profit margin things that
also happen to be the things that most
people love and those should be the same
ideally
that we we want to make sure that it's
really clear and it's prominent on on
the on on the menu per box that they're
kind of working through. So any kind of
business that has a menu and the term
having a menu comes from restaurants
because many people have eaten at
restaurants but you go to a mechanic
shop there's a menu right and so in
general I like having a couple things to
be true about my menus. One is that I
prefer to start at the highest prices.
And the reason for that is because it
anchors and they've done research
studies on this in terms of how they lay
out like wine menus. If you put the most
expensive on the top, it anchors the
remaining prices underneath of it. And
so number one, I like having higher
prices higher. Number two, I like higher
gross profit margins because two things
could be $16, but one of them might cost
the restaurant $6, one of them might
cost them $1. And remember that 99 cents
that we added added 30% to the profit of
the business if executed no sales
velocity drops. So, us having just get
more people to buy a thing that has $2
or three more dollars of profit can make
an enormous difference to this business.
The third piece that I that I want to
hit on is what's the stuff that that
brings people back. Like, what's the
stuff that's so good that they're like,
"God, I have this again." And so,
balancing those three priorities is how
I think through laying out a menu,
whether it's a services business or it's
a restaurant. So, the next thing that I
have for you, this is just menu. We're
going to get into training stuff in a
second with like how do we increase
alcohol sales and things like that. But
what I want to do is increase the
likelihood that people are already
thinking about it, right? And so there's
two things that I want I want to think
about. Number one is with each of the
dishes you could put underneath of it
pairs well with Mhm. what drink this
would go well with. And if they're
reading it, they're they're going to be
thinking, "Oh, well, they're saying it
goes well with this." You will get more
than 1% of people to buy alcohol just
from just adding what it they just look
at the menu, right? Yeah, I love that
idea. I love that. Yeah. And this is all
profit, right? Pairs with Does that make
sense? Okay. So, this may be a wink wink
from my next book that's coming out, but
there are a number of ways that you can
make a customer more valuable. There are
eight of them. One of them is a
cross-ell, which is, do you want fries
with that? For them, it's going to be,
do you want an alcoholic beverage with
that? And so, what I want to do is make
it as easy as possible for the customer
to say yes, and I want to make it easy
as possible for the staff to not forget.
And so both of the tactics that I'm
going to lay out for them are going to
mirror those things. How to make it easy
for the customer, remind them to do this
thing. And the thing is is they're
getting 1% of their sales from alcohol,
which is super high margin, right? So if
we can get that from like 1% to 6%. So
just adding 5% to the business in terms
of total revenue from this very high
gross profit product line, then again,
we have another 25% increase in
profitability. And that's just going
from 1 to 6%. If you flip the table from
no one's getting an alcoholic beverage
to every person buys one, the profit of
that table jumps through the roof. And
so we only need like one out of 10
tables to do that. We always thought
that the alcohol should be better than
it is. And and would be a huge
opportunity if we could improve it. And
I mean, we see industry standards being
like 5 to 15%, maybe even 20, right? And
we're at less than one. So that's a
really big weak point right there. Do
you have specials in terms of drinks?
No. Okay. So, I would recommend having
one special that's a drink. So, just say
like, "Hey, we also just freshly made a
Thai mint, my Thai, whatever, you know,
whatever whatever cocktail you want.
It's made fresh here on staff. It's
super refreshing for the summer or
whatever months, you know, make it
seasonal for, you know, whatever
whatever time it is." And that way, some
people were coming back, it's like, "Oh,
that sounds good." Like, all we want is
like, "That sounds good." And then it's
like, "Great, we have the purchase." So,
I would include that as the first thing.
So, basically, there's have, "Hey,
before we get into drinks, can I say the
drink special?" We make one every week
and we spend a lot of time. We taste
test a bunch in the back and we come up
with the best one and it's freshly made
here blah blah blah blah blah. And I
think people would really like that. So
rotating one drink special. There we go.
So tell me about the actual tabletop. Do
you have anything on the table at all?
Do you have like one of those little
A-frames or one of those spread open?
You know what I'm talking about? Like
where they the table? Yeah. You don't do
that. Okay. Okay. Is that too below
where you want to be in terms of vibe of
the dining? Um, I'm okay with putting
it. Okay. Especially if it's like, you
know, a special. Yeah. Yeah. Like
something that we want to do. So, I
would probably do that because people
like the visual. So, I probably So,
that's a difference. Right now, right,
customers sit down, we bring our menu.
So, we have like a menu and like a
special menu. So, the special menu have
like all the picture and a
recommendation. A menu is just, you
know, like the list of item with
ingredients, but it's not left on the
table. So when you say like having like
a little kind of like a placement or
it's kind of like there in their face
while also I'm thinking about the
servers right like how can we help them
do their job easier and so if they can
just point and then the visuals right
there and they can see it I think that's
pretty compelling right and I think the
way that you make that look is what will
determine whether it looks cheap or
whether it looks nice obviously I
wouldn't go lots of neon colors with the
tropical background like that would
probably not be the right so you know
keep the the look and feel of it upscale
but You still want to have the really
nice elegant descriptor underneath of,
you know, once a week the entire team
tries, you know, five different drinks.
We pick the best one and then that's
what we decide as as a team to offer for
the week. Cuz if we can get the team
bought in on it, they're like, oh my
god, it was so good. Like, you guys
should you guys should try it. At first,
we're like, huh, we don't should we do
it? Should we not do it? Don't we don't
want to be like kind of like a a fast
food joint? That's why deter us. But
then the fact that he say well it's
depend you can decide in a way that is
nice presentable and high class like yes
we can do it how come I don't think
about that before we really are doing
something very similar we have like wine
or specials menu that we give out with
the menus but the table tent is it stays
on the table so no one's ever going to
forget it's always there. Are you
talking about like maybe just one item
special one item or is it like maybe
like a few item on the me personally
just one I want I want to draw Yeah,
exactly. For me, this is me as a
consumer now talking when I see like 10
things that just is like another menu,
right? I want to draw attention to one
specific thing really clear image you
know the benefit is underneath and then
they draw my attention to it and to me
that's really good. Now the back of it
we're going to save for some review
stuff. So, I'll get to that in a second.
On table one item special. Okay. We good
on this so far? All right. Good.
So, let's talk about getting people to
come back, right? So, we want to have a
way to identify who the new customers
are. Like, hey, it's your first time
dining with us, right? Is there
something that we can do to identify to
everybody else that like if someone says
yes to that, can we put like just, you
know, a drink coaster on their table
that's a certain color or a napkin
that's a certain color, whatever. But
the reason it's so important is because
then the whole staff knows, hey, these
are first timers, right? And so
obviously you want to give everyone a
great experience, but just knowing it's
someone's first time helps, right? And
so one is identify first timers
and I would give them some sort of
surprise free thing at the end since
it's their first time. So that's if they
have you know a dessert or something
like that whatever the you know whatever
the cheapest dessert is. Yeah. Something
that would be but uh people remember
things something called peak end bias
and so people remember things two key
moments of every experience. They
remember the peak emotional experience
and they remember how things ended.
Yeah. And so if we can just really make
that ending really nice, I think that
would be something like um surprise Mhm.
um dessert for first timers. And what I
would want to do is then give coupon of
some sort. And the way that you can do
this, if you want to do it classy, is
that you have the manager put their card
and and then write free dessert on the
back and then hand it to them. Okay?
It's way better than a coupon, right?
because then it feels like it's a
personalized gift, right? And so you
say, "Hey, next time you come in, just
bring this and I'll have another dessert
for you in the house." And so now it's
like we're creating that loop. We want
to bring them back in. Does that make
sense? Does that feel okay? All right.
So these are This is for first timer.
Okay. For existing customers, I think
you can offer the free dessert in
exchange for reviews. Now, I know you
guys do something like that now.
Correct. We have done Yeah, we have done
it. We've done it before. I'm a huge fan
of the free drink/free dessert for for
review. And the time that I found it to
be most effective is really at point of
sale. So basically when they get the
check. Now I have a couple ways of doing
this. So I want you to tell me which one
feels just kind of like I said the
pricing thing earlier. I'm going to give
you two or three different ways of doing
this and you tell me the one that feels
better for you. Okay? So the first way
is hey if you guys want I can take care
of one of the drinks if you're just
willing to leave us a review. It would
mean it would mean the world to us.
We're a small family-owned business. And
if they do that, then you say, "Cool,
let me take the check back. I'll take it
off and I'll come back with it." Mhm.
And so then it's like, great, every one
of these and it's at the point of sale.
So you want to give the discount now.
The whole idea of like your next if you
leave a review next time you'll get it's
like no one cares, right? They'll
they'll just pay. No one gives. So it's
like it has to be immediate. So that's
that's the that's the first version. So
free for review is thing one. Okay,
that's the first version. The second
version of this is when the check gets
delivered, the manager comes after when
it's sitting there or whatever before it
it gets scooped up and says, "Hey, by
the way, um you know, your server's name
was Judy and just you know, Judy gets a
small bonus if she gets over, you know,
10 10 five star reviews in a month."
That way it's like we're doing it for
Judy, not doing so then you don't have
to give anything away for free, but then
you kind of just have the reciprocity of
if Judy did a good job, you know, you
can give her a $50, you know, thing. Uh,
so this is the manager ask.
Those are probably my two favorite ways
of doing it. So either the immediate one
in exchange for something or hey, can
you do it because of my because of the
staff that you liked, right? Either one
of those feel better to you. The first
one you like the first better. Okay. And
that's what we kind of do from time to
time, but we're not consistent. Yeah. So
that'll get into training, which we'll
get into in a second. But because of the
business that you're in more than
anything else, it's so reviews driven,
like online reviews. You know, if you
took your reviews from, you know, 1300
reviews to 13,000 reviews, the amount
of, you know, people that are coming
through the door and like all we have to
do, you serve 100,000 people this last
year or total. Just last year. Yeah. So
if we got 10% of people to leave a
review, it would I mean it would change
things for the business. It would be.
And so it's like do we think one and and
the thing is is you have multiple people
at the table. Yeah. And so where this
gets kind of interesting, hear me out,
is that you could say, hey, if you each
leave a review, then I can get all your
drinks and in one table we can get five
reviews, right? And so mind you, you
don't have to do this forever. It's just
a and this is obviously thinking about
the next location, too. Would I be
willing to give up the cost of a drink
in order to get a review? For sure. Not
even wouldn't even think about it.
Right. And so Right. And so that's
that's you're willing to make the trade.
And the thing is it's because it's on
the check right now. They're like,
"Sure, I like this place. This was
great. I'll save five bucks. Whatever. I
would have I would have done it for
free." Except they wouldn't have. But
right, but like that little incentive
helps out. So for brick-andmortar
services or restaurants, just local
mainstream businesses, the vast majority
of people make their decisions by
searching online before they go. I mean,
when you're about to go to a restaurant,
what do you look at? You you just look
on Yelp, you look on GrubHub, whatever.
and that you see the reviews. And so, I
don't know about you, if I'm like
looking at a dessert place and it's got
three and a half stars, I'm not going.
I'm not going to go. I'll just go to one
that has four and a half stars. Like,
why would I risk it? People only go out
certain amount of times per month and
they're not going to blow their one time
out on a three and a half star place.
They're just not going to do it. And so,
we need to boost the hell out of that so
that not only do we have good reviews,
but we have a ton of them. And so, let
me give you a different example. So,
let's say that you've got one place that
has 50 fivestar reviews and it's a 5.0.
And there's another restaurant that's
13,000 and it's a 4.7 where you going
4.7 13,000 no question because you know
this is a business like 13,000 reviews
like holy cow like this place must this
is probably iconic this is probably a
destination which if you're a small
business owner what higher praise could
you want so when I read the review it's
it's really is give us just not comfort
but also encouragement right and if I
feel it I am sure anyone who come on I
page read that review would feel the
same way. So to me that that it's
important is how we communicate with our
guests. I was thinking about a way to
increase the average order value, right?
And so in the e-commerce world, it's
like you get free gifts over a certain
amount of spend or you get free
shipping. I'm trying to think of a way
that we could tastefully do that within
this business, which is like it'd
probably be better for takeout than I
think in dining, which is like at $50 or
at $100, wherever, you know, if if the
vast majority set at 60, right? $60,
whatever it is. It's like, then we want
to put the free gift at like 75 or 80.
And so maybe on weekends you make it
100, on the weekdays you make it you
make it 80. So you just push that extra
$20. It's like, hey, just so you know,
you get an extra full whatever I just
had um for orders over $80. Mhm. And I
think that'll nudge a decent amount of
people. Just put it right above where
they're currently at and it's like you
get a full another order on top. And you
guys have good gross margins on the food
because I just want to I just want to
bump it up. And you saw with the the 99
cent thing, yeah, a dollar or two in
this business makes all the difference
in the world. And so this is basically
an AOV, so average order value increase
with break points above current average
uh threshold. And for this like this
particular one, do you foresee it doing
as like part of our business going
forward or is it supposed to be kind of
like tied to special event or like
certain time of the year? So, the reason
I said takeout is because if you're on
the phone or something like that or if
it's on an order page online, it doesn't
feel weird to me. Like, because we have
to think about the obviously the
servers, right? Like they can only
remember so many things. Yeah. Yeah.
This is actually lots of information,
too. Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. But because
but because what we're going to think
about this is from the from the
experience of the guest, right? So,
they're going to come in. Are you new?
Yes. Great. Cool. So, they know if
they're new or not. Then they're going
to say, you know, can I tell you about
the drink special? Yes. Then they walk
them through the drink special and then
we get way more people to do it. People
are also going to ask questions because
it says it pairs well with You're right.
Right. And so a lot of people are going
to ask questions about that and then
you're going to get more upsells which
they're going to want cuz their tips are
going to go up. So they're going to want
to sell the offer. Right. So they have
an incentive to learn that stuff and
then basically from that point there's
really nothing different except at the
very end they're going to do this. So
there's not a huge amount that we're
really we just have to know are they
first time customer? Mhm. We're going to
make sure we do the drink special. Mhm.
And then at the end we're doing those
three things. Yep. Mhm. That's it. So as
much I know we talked about a lot but in
terms of what they have to do it's not
too much reduce this down to this we
will worry about adding more work to our
worker right but then the way that Alex
told us today it's not adding more work
it's just adding pure profit so simple
solution simple solution and we were
complicating the whole thing and not
able to get past our own thoughts so one
out of three strategies actually succeed
in a business and that's a McKenzie
study that they did and some businesses
have two out of three strategies succeed
and the big difference is culture which
is the reward and punishment that exists
within a business which is fundamentally
like how do people behave how do people
do stuff and so this is a peopleheavy
business and so I wanted to not just
give them a bunch of you know here's all
the stuff that you can do but I wanted
to translate that into real world how
are you going to get your staff to do it
right because if if they don't ask
people what beverage they want or ask
them if they want to get dessert very
simple lines but if they don't do it
it's a huge cost to the business and so
we had to make sure that they would went
home with clear items of like this is
how I'm gonna train the staff and make
sure that they do this every time.
Otherwise, this is just a lot of fun
entertainment, but nothing's going to
happen to the business. Do you think we
could change this coupon card to sign up
for our loyalty program, you get a few
free Mango sticky rice on your next
visit? Oh, but you said you like the
physical card. I like the physical card
a ton and if you're like, "Hey, if
you're worried about uh losing this,
just take a picture of it and just show
it to me on your phone when you come
back." That way that people can bring
it. And what if what if they they share
it and people who came got the picture
of the back of the card like so they
brought new customers in. Oh no, right.
So it's okay. So you can have them take
the picture of it and be like, "Hey, if
you don't if you feel like you're going
to wash your jeans and it's going to
get, you know, torn to shreds, you can
take a picture of it, too." That way you
have it. It's a little thing. The only
reason I hesitate with the loyalty thing
is just like how many people are
actually part of loyalty programs for
restaurants? Restaurants? I'm not sure,
but cafes is normal, right? Yeah. No.
No. Oh, so they have like the punch card
and they have all that stuff because you
said you wanted to be more on the
upscale side. I have a whole thing on
loyalty programs. I didn't get into it
because it I didn't know I didn't feel
like it was necessarily the the best
feel. I can talk about it and then you
guys can decide. Mhm. So, I know you
guys right now you do three if they on
their third one they get they get free
sticky rice, right? When they come back
if they do that they on their birthdays
they get free sticky rice. Probably
every 200 spin they get a free Tai tea.
We can bump that up if we
So, I think you'd have to sell me on the
the the benefit of the loyalty program
and I would I probably would even I just
hate the like I all I think of when I
think loyalty program is someone's just
going to spam text me all the time and
so I never right and so for me the
loyalty program would be like you get
three things is out on your birthdays
we're going to send you free stuff we're
just going to give you a coupon for
coming in when you're here you get uh
your first alcoholic drinks free or
something like that you know cuz if one
has one sometimes they're more likely to
have second, right? One per table or per
party. And then number three, when we
have a weight, which you do on weekends,
we prioritize you, right? Now, for me,
that third one alone would be enough of
a reason. So, I like that. I mean, I
think a lot of people would join for
that for for that benefit alone. So,
I'll put F. I'll let you guys work the
specific details of what you want in
there because also when they fill that
out, you can also get what their lead
source was like, how'd you hear about
us, etc. Big picture, I am split on
loyalty programs in general. main reason
the food is the loyalty program. Your
food's good, they're gonna come back,
right? And they're gonna tell their
friends. And so other businesses, I
think loyalty programs can make a much
bigger difference. Like if you have a
med spa or something like loyalty
program is like the business, right? But
for them, I was just thinking through,
okay, well, if this clearly meant a lot
to them cuz they brought it up a couple
times and so I wanted to give them
something if I were to do it, this is
how I'd approach it. And these are just
based on things that I've seen work
across industries. So running starts,
which is where you have, let's say you
have 10 punches. If you give people two
or three punches on their first go,
they're like they feel like they got
free stuff. But it's really like you
just make the amount of punches that you
need to do free and you just give them
that start ahead of time. They they've
already proven this from uh from a bunch
of studies that running starts are like
two or three times more likely to
actually finish out their punches than
people who had the same amount of
punches remaining on a shorter punch
card. And so it's like, well, if you're
going to do it, do that obviously. But
beyond that, I think through the same
value drivers that I mentioned in the
offers book over and over and over
again. So this is page 56 of the offers
book. Um, check this out. So whenever
I'm trying to improve any product or
service, I always think through the same
value vectors, which is what do I want
to have happen? How do I make it less
risky? How do I make it faster? How do I
make it easier? Those are the value
vectors. And so I'm thinking as a
restaurant, I'm like, how do I make it
faster? And as soon as I was thinking
through it, I was like, "Okay, well, you
know, trying to say that they're going
to get their food first when they walk
in, like when they walk in the door,
that's probably not going to be
realistic." Like the cook takes a
certain amount of time, and some people
don't want to be rushed to dinner. So,
like, in that instance, speed is
probably not the right variable, right?
But waiting in line and being able to
have first access, okay, well, we can
make that part faster given the fact
that they already have more demand. So,
I'm like, okay, well, that that's a good
one. The decreasing the perceived
likelihood, the the risk factor, that's
what all the reviews are for, right? you
know, how do we, you know, decrease
effort and sacrifice? Well, we're going
to make it really easy for them to buy
the alcohol because it's going to be
right in front of them, and we're going
to pair it with the food that we think
would pair best with the specific drink.
So, they don't have to think, I'm not
sure, like again, this friction. I'm not
sure which beverage to have. Boom. It's
already solved, right? I'm just trying
to remove friction from a lot of the
parts of the process. And if someone's
willing to pay more or get some sort of
benefit for giving us their information,
then we'll happily pass those things on
as a reason to do it. Good on this. Yes.
Don't worry. I know you'll be able to
watch the episode so you'll have it. Can
we take that paper back as a souvenir
you? Yeah, of course. So now we're
talking about we're going to talk about
team and operations. Okay. Okay. So this
is the training. What we really need to
train them on is kind of the upsell
process. Number one, they have the
greeting. And so when I think about
training people, you want to think of it
as almost like skits because whenever
you teach something, you have a
condition, you have something that
happens, and then you have a behavior.
So when this, then that, right? So it's
a rule. If this happens, then you do
this. And so each of these are basically
behavior rules. And so it's like, we're
only going to teach you four rules. And
the first one is that when someone comes
in, you ask if it's their first time. If
they say yes, you take this thing out of
your pocket, you put it on the table.
Now everybody knows. Mhm. That's thing
one. Let's practice. And you sit down on
the table and you go back and forth. And
the next person comes up and you drill
it with them. Next person goes up, you
drill with them. And you just keep going
through. Do it for an hour. They'll have
20 reps in an hour of just doing skit
one. Tomorrow we'll do skit two. And
that training just gets so ingrained if
you do that on a regular basis for the
I'm sure before the shift starts they
have a 30-minute little pow or 20-minute
pow. You just do this. And so you have
the greeting for first-time customers.
Mhm. The second is going to be the
beverage which is we're going to be
practicing getting the alcohol upsell.
So let me tell you about our our one
beverage of the week. So in the back we
you know try out every week we get
together and we try out five different
cocktails. And the one that we say is
our our favorite is what we make for the
week. And so it's made fresh home here.
We did it just a couple hours ago. It's,
you know, it's freshly squeezed mint,
blah blah blah. Um, and a lot of people
love it. Would you like one of those?
That's it. That's all we do. And then
the next person goes up and you say, "Do
it again." Right? And so you want them
to get five 10 repetitions per practice
session. And so it's it's that way you
can hold them accountable to because if
you do this on a regular basis, they'll
do it. Then we have the
pairings which is when people are
ordering their mains just reminding them
that it go that goes really well with
would you like a lot of people like it
with and just doing that little
reminder. So it's going to be sides plus
alcohol.
So with every one of these dishes I mean
there's a reason McDonald's has do you
want fries with that? Do you want to
superers size your meal? Do like each
one of like it's two two three questions
after every time somebody says they want
this thing. So yes I want I want the pad
thai. Awesome. Do you want to have extra
noodles on the side? A lot of people do.
No. Okay. Uh, it pairs really well with
this. Do you want to go ahead and take
one of those? And even the way I'm
saying it, like, do you want to go ahead
and take one of those? I'm telling them
to say yes by how I'm asking the
question. A lot of people do that. You
want to go ahead and do one of those?
They're like, uh, okay. You know, uh,
I'll do it. And so, we just want to
practice that. So, the the practice
piece would be I order and then you ask
me question one, question two. An
experienced salesperson will know those
tiny little nudges. And in a rapid sales
conversation, which is what a waiter or
waitress has to have, let's say you have
a table of five people, you're going to
have five sales interactions. And so
we're talking like one sentence or one
phrase that we're adding on per kind of
exchange back and forth. And so we just
have to get the team to practice those
little nudges, which is like, would you
rather have chocolate or vanilla? I like
chocolate, right? Or most people like
chocolate. Or that's what a lot of
people do here. And this matters more
especially with first-time customers
because they're like, I don't know how
it works here. And so then you're like,
well, this is how it works. This is what
most people do. This is this is what get
maximizes your experience while you're
here at this restaurant. And so what
we're doing functionally from a value
perspective is we're paying down risk.
We're increasing the perceived life of
achievement. We're saying, you want to
have this amazing experience, I'm going
to help you have the best experience by
just helping you navigate this menu and
ordering process to get the best stuff.
And I'm incentivized to do that because
I want you to have a good experience. So
you tip me well. For every alcoholic
beverage, what what do you charge for
the drinks right now? Uh it's pretty
affordable. I think we're at like $6 or
$7. Super affordable. So they're going
to get about a dollar at it. So it's
like when you're looking at the table,
just think every question you ask, you
have a dollar just sitting there and you
have five people at the table and you've
got $2 each one of them. That's just
right there. Yeah. And so, okay, you get
three of them. Great. You just got $3
from from just taking orders. I would
translate it into what it means for
them. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay.
From a team perspective, I would put a
little a little leaderboard in the back
for the server that had got the most
alcoholic beverage sales and then you
can give them 50 bucks or 100, whatever.
Or maybe they just get priority to pick
what uh schedule they want for the the
next month. Okay, just little things
like that I think work really really
well. So the last step is review slash
comeback offer. So if it's a first-time
customer, they're going to get the
comeback offer. If it's any other
customer, it's going to be the review
offer. Gotcha. SLloy if you want to if
you want to do your your loyalty offer
and that's why we set this up so that we
can do this and if they forget they can
look down at the table and remember what
napkin they put there right that's why
we do this right we this is how we make
a little system out of it does that make
sense you feel like they can do this yes
I want to do it so I think if we just do
these things that we just outlined
there's a lot of points but not I think
it's doable is kind of my point right
like we just kind of went through almost
most of the things that they have to
handle the rest of it is menu you know
moving the menu stuff around adding the
99 to the price like very small things
that could be big differences to the
business. So, the last thing we'll do is
I'll cover the next location and then
we'll wrap it up as one list and we'll
prioritize it. Cool. Cool. Okay. I think
when you do your pre-opening, what I
would do is I would do an influencer
night. And so, you make it a VIP event.
they can videotape it and they could
share it to their stories and that you
can give them the promotional offer of
the free dessert, the free sticky rice
or free drink, whatever that uh you
could trace back to them. And I think
that would be a great first launch and
then you can also use all of their
creative that's the deal for getting the
the VIP experience. So, it's like you
get all these influencers and they make
these little videos about your about
your restaurant and then you can
basically run an ad after the fact and
people recognize them because they're
influencers but they're talking about
your restaurant. Mhm. All right. So,
check this out. So, what I'm talking
about is affiliates and partners. All
right. And so, the big key here and is
an affiliate is a lead getter. They're
an independent business that tells their
audience to buy your stuff. And so, if
we're going to have a full night, right,
we don't just want any kind of customer
in the door. We want customers that can
bring us boatloads of customers. Like
their normal business is one customer
tells two or three people and then those
people come in. But the value of an
influencer or somebody who's a local
celebrity or local influencer who who
runs a forum or whatever it is locally
or they're just another local business
owner that has exposure to many other
people who are walking in their shop,
their auto shop every single day, then
you invite them out and they can then
tell a hundred people on your behalf.
And so it's simply that it just gives
you a lot more leverage and you're
willing to make a little bit of a trade.
And so you might do it for free, you
might do it at cost. You might give them
half off because it's pre-opening in
exchange for them, you know, videotaping
it or making a post or something like
that. Those types of things are great
ways to kind of launch the word of mouth
from the people who have the biggest
megaphones. So number one thing we're
going to do is we're going to do plus 99
on entre. Number two is we're going to
reorder menu in order of profit.
Three, you're going to
add pairings alcohol with entree. Okay.
Number four, drink special with table
top pick. All right. So, we're going to
do first
timers training. Mhm. Which is napkin
plus comeback
offer. And then for returning customers,
we're going to do manager
card for VIP. uh
treatment and then seven you're going to
have daily
training on five
scenarios doable. Yes. Okay. So, let me
show you how this actually adds up
though. So, if we see no change in sales
just by adding the 99 cents, we get plus
30% of profit from this. Now, reordering
the menu could actually have a really
dramatic effect cuz if we just got a
higher percentage of people to just buy
the things that have the highest margin,
M that can have a really big effect on
the bottom line because they're buying
the stuff that costs the least, right?
That has the most markup. And so this I
would estimate might be somewhere in the
neighborhood of like 10 to 20%. If this
um succeeds, this one I feel really good
about. This obviously is going to be
huge for you. Yes. I mean, this could be
somewhere in the neighborhood of like
40% plus um increases. Like this is
really big. Mhm. Both of these together.
First timer training. I think this is
going to be more important for the
second location because you need you're
already you're already at relatively
full right now. So getting people to
come back, I think it's going to be
really important for the for the second
location. But this might also help with
some of the weekday, right? Because if
you just get more people to come back,
especially if they come during the
weekdays, then those are the ones we
really want to incentivize because it's
like we'll come back again during
Tuesday, right? So this might be some I
would probably estimate this might give
you like a and again 10 doesn't sound
like a lot but it's 300 400,000 a year
you know what I mean given your revenue.
So it's not it's not nothing right
manager card. This is going to be
reviews you know I would bet this is
probably a 20% lift somewhere in that
neighborhood. And then this is just
going to be overall the execution. But
these are the three that I think will
really move the needle the most and you
don't have to do a lot to to implement
them. How's that? I can do it over the
weekend and be That's my favorite kind
of implementation,
right? Yeah. Fat, fast, and easy is
where slow and harsh. Oh, yeah. No, this
is easy. I can like just crank it out
tonight and then print it out tomorrow.
Good. How do you feel about this whole
plan? Great. Doable and it's going to
make a big difference. Yeah. Very great.
Okay. Well, you know what we have to do
now is we have to hug and then I have to
finish your food.
I never thought I would do something
like this. Super nervous. When he's
like, "Are you going to go on the
filming?" I'm like, "Nope, not doing
it." scared to death. But I'm glad that
I actually get out of that mindset and
choose to do it because I found a lots
of not just a helpful tip, but also I
feel like I received support and
guidance which is really important and
I'm I'm so glad that I made decision to
be here. Really happy to be here. Um
made me feel a lot more comfortable with
learning how to scale better and trying
to do it the right way the first time.
So Calvin and seem like amazing people.
Incredibly humble, very hardworking. I
love the immigrant story obviously and
it seems like they actually have a very
good restaurant and so I'm very excited
to see them implement some of these
changes and potentially dramatically uh
enhance the profitability of the
business to hopefully set up their
expansion strategy so that they can go
on and dominate and the entire world can
have lots of amazing Thai food. And
speaking of alcohol stuff, since that's
what this uh restaurant was all about,
we actually have a bar consultant that
we had a B2B business in services that
we did a full breakdown on. So if you
like this, you'll love